ID - Identification number assigned to a specific bug.
   
Summary - Summarizes the essence of the bug in one sentence. Answers the questions «What?» Where?» Under what circumstances?
    
Project - Name of project, program or application in which a bug is identified.
    
Version - The exact version of the software containing the bug.

Severity - The parameter that determines the effect of the bug on the program on a scale from S1 to S5.
      S1 (Blocker) - Blocking error. It makes impossible all subsequent work with the program. To resume work need to fix Blocker.    
      S2 (Critical) - Critical error. Disrupts the main functionality. Bug appears constantly and makes it impossible to use the main functions of the program.
      S3 (Major) - Significant bug. Complicates the work of the main function or makes it impossible to use additional functions.
      S4 (Minor) - A minor bug. The functionality of the system affects relatively little, makes it difficult to use additional functions. There may be obvious ways around this bug.
      S5 (Trivial) - Trivial bug. Does not affect the functionality of the project, but worsens the overall impression of working with the product.
            
Priority - Parameter that determines the urgency of bug correction on a scale from P1 to P3.
      P0 (Top) - The highest priority. Assigned to emergency situations that have a very negative impact on the product or even the business of the company. Such bugs should be eliminated immediately.   
      P1 (High) - High priority. Assigned to bugs, which must be eliminated first.   
      P2 (Medium/Normal) - The normal priority is assigned by default. These bugs are eliminated secondarily.
      P3 (Low) - Low priority. Assigned to bugs that do not affect the functionality. Fix such bugs last if there are time and resources.
            
Status - What stage the bug is: open, in work, fixed, rejected, delayed, etc.
    
Author - Name of employee who found the defect.

Attachments - Links, screenshots, videos and other materials that will help the developer better understand the nature of the problem.
   
Assigned to - The developer that will fix the bug.
    
Steps to reproduce - The exact sequence of actions, which leads to reproduction of a bug.
    
Actual result - What happens when you play the steps, how the program works now.
    
Expected result - How the program really should work.
